Et tu... Brute? What are you doing, Dave...?
So long, and thanks for all the fish
I think you ought to know I'm feeling very depressed
I'm not getting you down at all am I?
I'll be back
It's the same series of signal over and over again!
It's worse than that ... He's dead, Jim
Don't Panic!
Dog of a Saxon! Take thy lance, and prepare for the death thou hast drawn upon thee!
My Precious! O my Precious!
Sir, If you'll not be needing me for a while I'll turn down.
I feel a great disturbance in the Force
An odd game, the only way to win is not to play.
To shutdown or not to shutdown, That is the question
Did you hear that? They've shut down the main reactor. We'll be destroyed for sure.
Am I hot or not?
I'm pregnant!
"Oh, switch off!" -C3PO
You can now safely throw away your computer.
Jesus said "I will rebuild this temple in three days." I could make a compiler in 3 days.
India nigger retard doctor.
Yeah, I killed a CIA nigger with my car in 1999. Score one for the good guys.
If you guys have ideas for things to do, let me know. I probably will ignore them.
I have God's official endorsement. I win and the CIA/FBI niggers lose. Just wait. Dumb fuck FBI niggers.
I report to God. You report to me.
Computers went to shit when they started making them for niggers.
God's world is perfectly just. Only a nigger cannot see. That's why niggers have no morals.
Should serve as a warning of the hazardous situation affecting migrants.
With all the kids and all the trash, it's going to be a nightmare if our trash isn't picked up.
Finally! Now go away!
Plan B? I am not sucking CIA nigger cock, bitch. Fuck yourself. I have space alien. Plan B, fuck you.
What do we do all day? We beat the nigger because the nigger cannot understand what a random number is. We beat the nigger because the nigger thinks the brain does timer tongues. We beat the nigger because he thinks TempleOS is real mode.
The most important thing in programming is naming.
In TempleOS, my compiler will put together multiple characters in a character constant. We don't do Unicode. We do ASCII--8-bit ASCII, not 7-bit ASCII; 7-bit signed ASCII is retarded.
The most powerful statement in the C language in the C language is the switch statement [...] The CIA wants you to think it's nothing more than IF-THEN-ELSE. The CIA wants you to think it's the same as IF-ELSE; it's not. The way a switch statement works is there's a lookup table in it. What it does is [that] it looks up in the table and then it jumps ahead to a segment of code, and then the code jumps to the bottom, to a common location, to continue.
The IRA is like the NRA, but for computers.  The CIA wants all code in the cloud under their lock and key.  They want to ban compilers and make people think HTML is computer programming.
I wrote a fucken compiler. Linus has not finished his compiler yet and suffers humilation from Stallman.
Stallman, linux could use an oracle program. Use a high speed timer as a stopwatch for nums to pick words or passages.
THAT DOG IS GETTING RAPED
If it glows in the dark, shift out of park